Union Find! (AKA disjoint set)

Outline
1. Discussion and examples
    What is a Union Find?
    Magnets example
    When and where is a Union Find used?
    Kruskal's minimum spanning tree algorithm
    Complexity Analysis.
2. Implementation Details
    Find and Union operations
    Path compression
3. Code Implementation.

 1.Dicussion and Examples.
    1.1 What is a Union Find?
        A Union Find is a data structure that keeps track of elements which are split into one or 
        more disjoint sets. It has two primary operations, find() and union()

    CHATGPT because I am confused: 
    Union Find is a data structure used to keep track of elements divided into groups or sets. It's 
    really good at two things: combining groups together and finding out which group a particular
    element belongs to. Imagine you have lots of islands, and you want to connect them with bridges
    . Union Find helps you keep track of which islands are connected. So, whenever you want to 
    connect two islands (or elements), you use the "union" part. And when you want to check if two
    islands are already connected, you use the "find" part. It's like a quick way to manage and 
    check connections between things.
    
    1.3 When and where is a Union Find used?
        Kruskal's minimum spanning tree algorithm.
        Grid percolation
        Network connectivity
        Least common ancestor in trees
        Image processing.

    1.4 Time Complexity.
        Construction: O(n) (not bad)
        Union: amortized constant time
        Find: amortized constant time
        Get component size:amortized constant time
        Check if connected:amortized constant time
        Count components: O(1) GREAT

2. Implementation Details
    2.1 Kruskal's minimum spannign tree.
        Given a graph G = (V, E) we wantt o fin da  minimum spanning tree in the graph
        (it may not be unique). A minimum spanning tree is a subset of the edges which connect
        all vertices in the graph witht he minimal total edge cost.
    2.2 Kruskal's tree explained.
        a. Sort edges by ascneding edge weight.
        b. Walk through the sorted edges and look at the two nodes the edge belongs to, if the
        nodes are already unified we don't include this edge, otherwise we include it and unify
        the nodes.
        c. The algorithm terminates when every edge has been processed or all the vertices
        have been unified.
    2.3 Union and Find Operations