Binary Trees and Binary Search Trees (BST)
    Tree is a type of a type of data structure, there are many tree data structures.
    
    Outline.
        1. Discussion and Examples 
            1.1 What is a binary tree? (BT)
            1.2 What is a binary search t ree? (BST)?
            1.3 Where are BT's and BSTs used?
            1.4 Complexity Analysis.
        2. Operations
            2.1 How to Insert nodes into a BST
            2.2 How to remove nodes from a BST
            2.3 Binary Tree transversals
                Preorder, inorder, postorder, and level order traversals.
        3. Source code


    1.
        1.1 What is a binary tree?
            A tree is an undirected graph which satisfies any of the folowing definitions.
                An acyclic connected graph (No circles)
                A connected graph with N nodes and N-1 edges.
                A graph in which any two vertices are connected by exactly one path.
        
            Rooted Tree is a tree with a top node.
            If we have a rooted tree, thenwe w ill want to have a reference to the root node of 
            our tree (similar to the head of alinked list I think)
            It does not always matter which node is selected to be the root node because 
            any node can root the tree.

            A child is a node extending from another node. A parent is the inverse of this.
            A root node has no parent, but sometimes its useful to set the roots parent to itself.
                A common example of this is in filessystems 
            
            A leaf node is a node with no children.

            A subtree is a tree entirely contained within another. They are usually denoted
            with triangles.

            A binary tree is a tree for which every node has at most two child nodes (so one is ok)
        
        1.2 Which is a binary search tree?
            A binary search tree is a binary tree that satisfies the BST invariant.
            "LEft subtree has smaller elements and right subtree has larger elements.

            A tree with duplicate values is SOMETIMES considered a binary search tree.
            BST operations allow for duplicat e values, but most of the time we are usually
            interested in having unique elements in our tree.

            Binary search trees are NOT limited to numbers, any data can be used as long
            as its comparable.

        *This data structure is very strange. The requirements for it to exists seem so exact
        that it seems unbelievable this kind of data set would ever occur naturally.

        1.3 When and where are binary trees used?
            Binary SEarch Trees (BSTs)
                Implementation fo some map and set ADTs
                Red/Black Treees
                AVL Trees
                Splay Trees
                etc
            Used in the implmementation of bnary heaps
            Syntax Trees (used by compiler and calculators)
            Treap: A probabilistic data structure (uses a randomized BST)

        1.4 Complexity of Binary Search Trees
            Insert(): Average:O(log(n)), Worst O(n)
            Delete():  Average:O(log(n)), Worst O(n)
            Remove(): Average:O(log(n)), Worst O(n)
            Search(): Average:O(log(n)), Worst O(n)

                Trees are generally speaking quite fast. Worst case is O(n) which is bad, but not the Worst
    2. Operations
        2.1 Adding Elements to a binary search tree
            Binary Search Trees (BST) elements must be COMPARABLE so taht we can order them inside the tree.
            
            When an inserting an element, we want to compare its value to the value stored in the current
            node we're considering to decide on one of the following.

            We can recurse down the left subtree(< case), recurse down the right subtree(> case),
            handle findng a duplicate value (= value), or create a new node(leaf node)
                *need to look at implemnetation:

        2.2 Removing elements from a Binary Search Tree (BST) can be seen as a two step process
            a. Find the element we wish to remove (if it exists)
            b. Replace the node we want to remove with its successor (if any) to maintain the
            BST invariant.
                RECALL THE BST INVARIANT: LEFT SUBTREE HAS SMALLER ELEMENTS AND RIGHT SUBTREE
                HAS LARGER ELEMENTS
            
            1. Find Phase:
                WHen searching our BST for a node with a particular value, one of four things will happen.

                a. We hit a null node at which point we know the value does not exist within our BST
                b. Comparator value equal to 0 (found it!)
                c. Comparatgor value less than 0 (the value if it exists, is in the left subtree)
                d. Comparator value greater than 0(the value, if it exists, is in the righ subtree)

            2. Remove Phase:
                Essentially, there are four cases in the remove phase.
                    a. Node to remove is a leaf node
                    b. Node to remove has a right usbtree but no left subtree.
                    c. Node to remoev has a left subtree but no right subtree.
                    d. Node to remoe has both a left subtree and a right subtree
                    